[VASH] Hello, Jeff.
Lookin' good, Arthur.
Nice to see you, Kate.
Hi, everybody.
Morning.
[VASH gasps]
[REM]
Vash! Come back right now!
[MALE AI VOICE A] This is a
Level E-three emergency.
Formation maintenance program
phase five recalculating.
[MALE AI VOICE A]
The ship is in free fall.
All parties please evacuate as
quickly as possible. I repeat...
[VASH]
Nai?
[MALE AI VOICE A] This is a
Level E-three emergency...
[REM]
Vash, here!
[VASH gasps]
Nai! Rem!
Wait, what's going on?
Why's it saying
we're in free fall?
We're okay. It's overreacting
a little, but we need to move.
Follow me. This way.
[VASH gasps]
Get in. Quickly.
The people still asleep, they're
gonna escape, too, aren't they?
[REM]
Of course.
All in? Get comfy.
Come with us, there's room.
[REM gasps]
Please know that
I love you both.
[VASH]
Hey!
[REM] Try your very best to
survive for me. Vash? Nai?
Getting to know you two... has
meant the entire world to me!
[VASH gasps]
No! Please don't!
Rem, no!
[MALE RADIO HOST A] Good morning
listeners and thank you
for choosing November
Public Broadcasting's
satellite news this sunny
May twenty-fifth.
In recent events, the JuLai
government has announced
a new most wanted fugitive.
[ROBERTO] And the feds
aren't quick to jump.
Argh!
I don't know what'll
kill you first, newbie,
your driving or me.
[MERYL] You shouldn't be
drinking on the job anyway,
and that's just the terrain.
By the way...
...my name isn't
"newbie," Roberto.
[ROBERTO]
Could've sworn it was.
Hmph. I see you graduated
from November University.
Hoity Toity.
Being a reporter was my dream.
Really shooting
for the stars, eh?
[MERYL] Yup, before long I'll
be behind the news desk--
Wow, they put a rising
star on a gossip piece
with an old dog like me?
[ROBERTO sneezes]
And this is exactly why I didn't
wanna babysit a newbie.
[MERYL grunts]
Please, we are on the job,
and you need to refer
to me by my name.
That's Meryl Stryfe to you.
[ROBERTO burps]
Oh, is it now?
Here's my advice,
so listen up, newbie.
Might be hard to tell
from your ivory tower,
but Noman's Land is
cruel beyond belief.
Dog-eat-dog at its finest.
But you'll find that out soon.
You've got a helluva
lot to learn about
what it takes to survive on
the ground. Dontcha, newbie?
So sweet, thanks for the advice!
[ROBERTO]
Ugh! You're spilling my booze!
[MERYL] Any day now,
I'll get my big scoop!
[ROBERTO]
Any minute, I'm sure.
[MERYL] I'll be running
the entire bureau
before you know it!
[ROBERTO] Then could you
give me a raise, boss?
[MERYL]
I'm being serious!
[ROBERTO]
So am I.
[MERYL] I forgot to
charge the battery...
[ROBERTO sighs] Newbie?
This world will eat you alive.
[MERYL]
I'm thirsty.
Okay, so I know he's the
"Humanoid Typhoon",
but is he, like, a real guy?
[ROBERTO grunts]
How have you made it this far?
[gasps]
[ROBERTO]
Run into him and it's over.
The man is a walking disaster.
Hence that cute little nickname.
[MERYL]
The Humanoid Typhoon, got it.
[giggles] Real people
aren't such caricatures.
He's a man, not a monster.
That said, I won't
abandon an assignment
--just because it's silly.
--[ROBERTO] Uh-huh.
[MERYL] If it's the
Typhoon scoop they want,
then by gosh they'll get it!
[MERYL grunts]
Rude.
[ROBERTO]
Dead ahead.
[MERYL]
Huh?
[ROBERTO] Looks like the work
of the Bad Lads Gang.
Yeesh, They did a real
number on that poor slob.
[MERYL grunts]
[VASH]
Need a hand?
[MERYL yells]
[VASH laughs]
[MERYL]
What a creep.
Got that right. Let's go.
[VASH]
Don't leave me hanging, friends!
No way. We can't
just leave him here.
[ROBERTO]
Rookie mistake.
[VASH]
Appreciate it.
Huh... You some kinda gunman?
Huh? Uh... I guess, but I'm
really not much of a fighter.
[MERYL]
Well, that makes sense.
[ROBERTO]
Got some lost tech on ya, huh?
Huh?
I know that getup.
The hell are JuLai military
police doing out here?
[MERYL gasps]
Police? They might have water!
--[ROBERTO] Don't!
--Hey, over here!
[JULAI CAPTAIN A] Oh, good.
Have you seen this man around?
[MERYL]
Huh?
[JULAI CAPTAIN A]
C'mon, lady, it's not complex.
What are you trying
to book him for?
[JULAI CAPTAIN A]
You're press?
Then you should know
who we're dealing with.
They call him the
Humanoid Typhoon.
He's killed people and
obliterated plants all over.
Got six million double
dollars on his head.
[MALE JULAI CAPTAIN A] Well?
Have you seen the freak or not?
[MERYL grunts]
I think so!
I'm pretty sure
he went that way!
[MALE JULAI CAPTAIN A]
Why didn't you say so sooner?
[VASH gasps]
Gee, thank you!
[yelps]
[MERYL]
For what?
I'll turn you over as soon as
I get my exclusive interview.
[ROBERTO]
Hey, good job, newbie.
[MERYL]
Good job, Meryl!
And think about it.
If this guy's been
falsely accused,
it's our duty as the
press to clear his name.
[VASH laughs] You don't find
defenders of justice every day!
You're a bonafide blessing,
you know!
Journalistic integrity!
Don't flatter me!
What a load of crap.
Here's an idea.
Let's beat the heat
and get rolling on that
interview at the diner nearby.
Huh? Diner? You doofus,
we should've gone right away!
Over here?
[VASH]
Ow, ow, ow! Ow, ow, ow!
--Reverse, reverse!
--[MERYL] Wait, so this way?
[VASH]
Uh, no, quite--
[ROBERTO] This clown's
the big, bad Typhoon?
Vash the Stampede, eh?
Who are you?
--[VASH shouting]
--[MERYL grunting]
[MERYL grunting]
Water...
[MERYL grunts]
I've heard of this place.
Jeneora Rock.
[MERYL sighs]
Well, what've we got here.
[MALE BAR CUSTOMER A laughs]
This ain't no place for kids,
little lady!
Uh, hello?
You'll have to speak up
if you care to be heard.
[doors open]
[VASH]
Yup, I knew we'd find her here!
[ROBERTO]
My newbie needs a shorter leash.
Vash! You're here!
[MERYL gasps]
[VASH laughs]
Working on baby two, Rosa?
[ROSA]
Looks like it.
[VASH]
Where's hubs?
[ROSA]
I kicked his lazy ass out.
[VASH]
Atta girl.
[MERYL]
Uh, you two seem pretty close.
Damn right we're pretty close.
This man's Jeneora
Rock's savior.
For real?
[ROSA] Who are you and what're
planning to do with our Vash?
Careful, kitchen's servin' lead.
[VASH gasps] These guys
are two of my best buds!
[ROSA]
Then why're you tied up?
--Ta-da!
--[MERYL, ROBERTO gasp]
Ugh. I trust ya.
I suppose any friend of
Vash's is a friend of mine.
Now that that's settled,
what'll you all be drinking?
Whiskey for me.
[MERYL] We're on the job.
Three waters, please.
So, did college teach
you to be such a prude?
What you so crudely
call prudishness
kept me at the top
of my class. So, uh...
[ROBERTO]
Newbie.
[MERYL grunts, sighs]
[gasps]
[ROSA]
Sorry about that.
Our plant. It's busted somehow.
Now we're stuck buying water
off the next town over.
We won't be drinking
clear for a while.
Your plant broke?
'Fraid so, but since
you three came around,
maybe things are starting
to look up for us.
Come on, give it another look?
--[MERYL] Huh?
--[ROSA] Please, Vash?
[ROBERTO] I wouldn't've pegged
you as a plant engineer.
[VASH laughs]
Don't judge a book.
[gasps]
[ROSA] It crapped out on
us a few years ago, too.
Thankfully, Vash swooped
in and fixed it for free.
[ROBERTO]
And now he's the town's savior.
Come on, newbie. You know what
plants are, don't you?
Top of my class, remember?
They're biological generators
that can produce
everything mankind needs to
survive on a desert planet.
They operate on lost technology
from the Spacefaring Age.
[ROBERTO]
Straight outta the textbook.
Focus on application.
We aren't able to build
these things anymore.
If you want one,
you can either steal it or you
can pay out your ass for it.
That's why towns that have
them keep a tight watch.
[MERYL]
What's wrong with that one.
A red plant, huh?
[ROSA]
How bad is it?
[VASH]
It's dying.
[ROSA gasps]
[VASH] I know buying a new one
would cost a fortune...
...but if we don't act now,
things will just get worse.
[ROSA, ROBERTO gasp]
[JULAI CAPTAIN A]
Am I hearing your town's
in need of some cash?
Lucky for you,
your fortune's right there.
[ROSA]
Military police?
Your pal there has a massive
bounty out on his head
and whether it's collected
or not is up to you.
[ROSA gasps]
Six million?
[JULAI CAPTAIN A laughs]
Funny, that's just about enough
to replace that plant of yours.
Hand him over to us and the
town's problems are solved.
I would prefer not to fight
if that's cool with you.
Well, sure, I would hate
for anyone to get hurt!
[JULAI CAPTAIN A]
Tie him up!
[grunting]
[MERYL grunts]
Whoa.
[JULAI CAPTAIN A]
Think they'll save you?
They'll take the cash over your
pathetic life, no question!
Ha, ha... How 'bout we settle
this without any bloodshed?
[JULAI OFFICER B]
Good one.
[JULAI OFFICER C] Thanks, kid,
you made our job easy.
[JULAI OFFICER A]
On your feet!
I'd hate for you boys to do
something you'll regret.
Careful.
This has the potential to make
a great headline, you know.
[JULAI CAPTAIN A]
Don't get any cute ideas.
Just off the top of my head.
What about something like,
"JuLai Military Police Draw
Guns on Unarmed Suspect,
Exposing their Great
Cowardice to the World?"
Huh? Uh. Nice!
I know you're a
spineless coward,
but any real man would
settle this with a duel.
--[VASH] A duel?
--[MERYL] Fun idea!
Your legacy's on the line.
Are you a man or a
yellowbellied baby
who needs his mo-aw-aw-my?
Stop!
Hey kids! Don't shoot me!
I suppose a duel it'll be.
[JULAI OFFICER A]
Captain? Is he serious?
[JULAI CAPTAIN A, ROBERTO laugh]
Hey, so...
[MALE CIVILIAN A]
Duel time, baby!
[MALE CIVILIAN B]
We're gonna have ourselves
an old fashioned quick draw!
The last slinger standin' wins!
[MERYL]
Roberto?
I'm not convinced this
was the best idea.
Look at the poor guy.
He's going to get his
spiky head blown off!
[ROBERTO] A duel is about
more than who draws first.
That initial moment is just
one part of the battle.
Keep your eyes on our typhoon.
I have a feeling he won't
be as bad as you think.
Heh!
[JULAI CAPTAIN A]
Draw!
[VASH]
Nah.
[JULAI CAPTAIN A] Draw, freak!
I won't say it again!
[VASH]
I'm good.
Dontcha think this is dumb?
[chuckles]
[JULAI CAPTAIN A] Now that you
mention it, this is dumb.
[nervously laughs]
We've got an audience,
we might as well
give them a show!
[JULAI OFFICER C]
A cluster bomb?
[JULAI OFFICER B]
But, Captain,
we're supposed to
bring him back alive!
Hell, forget the job,
you're risking all our lives!
[JULAI OFFICER C]
Run! Hurry!
[JULAI OFFICERS yell]
[laughing]
Since we're here, we might
as well have fun!
Fight me, Humanoid Typhoon!
And... he's crazy.
[grunts]
That coward!
You've nearly died
enough today, newbie.
Quick tip. The two of
us are just reporters,
not bodyguards, or police,
or anything else.
--[MERYL] Yeah, but--
--[ROBERTO] What's more.
It takes a level of experience
that you most certainly do not
have before you can fling
around the word "coward".
Understand me?
Yes.
[ROSA]
Vash! Get down here, hurry!
Tell everybody to take cover!
[MERYL] He's trying keep
the townsfolk safe.
[ROBERTO] At this point,
bravery is plain stupid.
He's like you, not long
for this world.
[VASH]
Huh?
[gasps]
What? But I--
Huh? It's cool, happy thoughts.
Gotta be one somewhere, don't
panic, it's cool, super cool.
[MERYL]
Don't tell me...
[VASH]
So, uh. I might be out of ammo?
Holy...
[laughs]
What a moron!
[VASH] Bullets! I could
really use some bullets!
A few .22 calibers
would be dandy!
C'mon, guys!
Any time now!
Why isn't anyone helping?
[ROBERTO]
Huh?
[MERYL]
Hurry! Help! Please!
I need ammo!
[MERYL]
Special delivery!
[panting]
It's from Rosa!
[gasps]
--[JULAI CAPTAIN A laughs]
--[MERYL] Dammit!
[VASH panting]
Come to daddy!
[VASH]
Gotcha!
Just one, eh?
--[ROSA chuckles]
--[MERYL] Don't blame me.
[VASH]
Much obliged.
I don't think so!
[VASH]
You're... done!
[groans]
[VASH shouts]
[JULAI CAPTAIN A]
Y-You'll pay for this!
[MERYL] Well, you sure know
your way around a gun.
[VASH gasps]
Gosh, I guess you could say so!
At the very least,
I'm pretty darn lucky.
Huh?
It might be a good day
to hit the casino.
[VASH laughs]
[MERYL]
Huh?
You're afraid of something,
aren't you?
And it's got to do
with that red plant.
[sighs]
[ROBERTO]
Military police on your ass
and you don't bat an eye.
One wonky plant and
you're pissing yourself.
What're you scared of?
I have a brother...
[KNIVES laughs]
[KNIVES] I finally did it!
A brilliant success!
[VASH]
How could you?
[KNIVES]
Could I what?
I made sure the plant
ship would survive.
[VASH]
You killed them, even Rem!
[KNIVES] Don't scold me.
You're my accomplice.
[gasps]
[KNIVES laughs]
Well, aren't you? Vash?
[VASH]
Millions Knives.
Have you two ever come
across that name before?
[KNIVES] You've found him.
Take me there.
I'll rip him from
those parasites.
[KNIVES] And once I have,
I'll exterminate them for good.